README.md, before:

# Arcus Event Grid Proxy
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg?style=flat-square)](./LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/codit/Arcus/_apis/build/status/Commit%20builds/CI%20-%20Arcus.EventGrid.Proxy?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/codit/Arcus/_build/latest?definitionId=738&branchName=master)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/arcusazure/arcus-event-grid-proxy.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/arcusazure/arcus-event-grid-proxy/) 
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/arcusazure/arcus-event-grid-proxy.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/arcusazure/arcus-event-grid-proxy/)



Proxy for sending events to Azure Event Grid.

![Arcus](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arcus-azure/arcus/master/media/arcus.png)

# Installation
The image is available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/arcusazure/arcus-event-grid-proxy) and can be installed via [Docker](https://eventgrid-proxy.arcus-azure.net/#installation).

# Documentation
All documentation can be found on [here](https://eventgrid-proxy.arcus-azure.net/).

# License Information
This is licensed under The MIT License (MIT). Which means that you can use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the web application. But you always need to state that Codit is the original author of this web application.

Read the full license [here](https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.eventgrid.proxy/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Provide section on Arcus customers

README.md, after:

# Arcus Event Grid Proxy
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg?style=flat-square)](./LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/codit/Arcus/_apis/build/status/Commit%20builds/CI%20-%20Arcus.EventGrid.Proxy?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/codit/Arcus/_build/latest?definitionId=738&branchName=master)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/arcusazure/arcus-event-grid-proxy.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/arcusazure/arcus-event-grid-proxy/) 
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/arcusazure/arcus-event-grid-proxy.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/arcusazure/arcus-event-grid-proxy/)



Proxy for sending events to Azure Event Grid.

![Arcus](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arcus-azure/arcus/master/media/arcus.png)

# Installation
The image is available on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/arcusazure/arcus-event-grid-proxy) and can be installed via [Docker](https://eventgrid-proxy.arcus-azure.net/#installation).

# Documentation
All documentation can be found on [here](https://eventgrid-proxy.arcus-azure.net/).

# Customers
Are you an Arcus user? Let us know and [get listed](https://bit.ly/become-a-listed-arcus-user)!

# License Information
This is licensed under The MIT License (MIT). Which means that you can use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the web application. But you always need to state that Codit is the original author of this web application.

Read the full license [here](https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.eventgrid.proxy/blob/master/LICENSE).
